# JustinBot3000
Large Language Models (LLMs) have been used to aide student learning across a multitude of domains such as computer science, data science, and mathematics. While these chatbots show promise, they may not perform well when quality student data is unavailable. This challenge is particularly pronounced in smaller classes or specialized subjects such as cybersecurity where domain specific data is not widely accessible.

Hint generation for cybersecurity can be feasible with the technology we have today if we make the right simplifications. 
First, we need human-in-the-loop systems because the training data used to train general LLMs may not cover cybersecurity well. 
Second, using modular agents allows us to access dynamic data that are outside the training dataset and add specificity to the hints. 
In this paper, we leverage n8n, an agent deployment service, to establish the connections between our agents and Discord, the messaging system that our classroom uses to offer students a streamlined learning experience when working on interactive cybersecurity exercises. We tested this in the classroom and have shown that it is feasible. We have done classroom tests, and the system was capable of answering most students’ questions related to the homework assignment.

The system has undergone initial pilot testing, through one remote asynchronous course offering. We are currently experimenting with a new cohort of students enrolled in the in-person course offering. We have adapted the hint generation system for class assignments, and preliminary user interaction and usage data indicate that the system is capable of answering most students’ questions related to the homework assignment, without additional human intervention, provided that the student’s question is sufficiently detailed. Hints provided were sufficient to propel students forward and make progress on their assigned work, in most cases.

To address this challenge we present a workflow inspired by EDUHints, a human-in-the-loop Small Language Model (SLM) & Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) hint generation system developed for the platform EDURange. While EDUHints offers a fully containerized solution, we explore an approach that can leverage LLM capabilities to improve hint generation further. Our workflow utilizes modular agents to generate highly contextual data, which is then fed into our model, improving hint generation. We leverage n8n, an agent deployment service, to establish the connections between our agents and Discord, the messaging system that our classroom uses to offer students a streamlined learning experience when working on interactive cybersecurity exercises. 
